New: Add setting to include additional paths for css import path … (#40)
CarbonPackages/Carbon.Pipeline: Readme.md

  prefix: true
```

#### Use postcss resolve() function
You can use `resolve()` in your css/scss files to load resources (eg images) from `Resources/Public` of the package. The path will be resolved at compile-time.

```
.my-class {
  background-image: resolve('Images/my-image.jpg')
}
```

resolves to 
```
.my-class {
  background-image: url('/_Resources/Static/Packages/Your.Package/Images/my-image.jpg')
}
```

> If you choose to order your Packages in DistributionPackages in sub-folders, you can add this setting to ensure the paths are correctly rewritten:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to order your Packages in DistributionPackages in subfolders, you can add this setting to ensure the paths are correctly rewritten:
```

```
postcssOptions:
  additionalPackagePathPrefixes:
    - Sites
    - Plugins
```

> This ensures that the path that is generated (eg `/_Resources/Static/Packages/(Sites|Plugins)/Your.Package/.../`) will be correctly resolved, removing the sub-folder from the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that the path that is generated (eg `/_Resources/Static/Packages/(Sites|Plugins)/Your.Package/.../`) will be correctly resolved, removing the subfolder from the path.
```
